Hey Buddy
look at where you hear the clap from
and ollie that way together with the word “STOP”
The step you jumped over and land
with the beat 1, 2, 3
and a airplane takes off
Taking the timing(rhythm) on the player
It’s like a one scene from a movie
The midmost of the sun Fuwari
It seems to be going for a cloud
and a wonderland somehow
Boringly smashing buttons in QTE
The daily life that you care too much
about someone listening to you
in Kick it
Can’t wait till the pay day
because of how it’s terribly hot YA
In this scorching(KANKAN) sky
it’s best to listen some intense(KINKIN) rock
A day that you only do what you want to do
It’s not bad to have a such day too
Let’s leave out the diligentness for now
Put back your pen and oh yeah
oh yeah
The make-up exam is after having some tan
This sunshine that lights up the best day ever
Say bye bye to any nonsense for now
Say KANPAI(Cheers) even if you’re tired or lively!
Let’s play in a way that they won’t notice
The secret watchword is “YY”
Let’s work diligent One Life
Huh? Oh well… that doesn’t make any sense
It’s lit Only “now” is not enough
A summer storia
will begin dance again
once you get back ride on waves
No one cares what’s fair argument or who’s greater for now
The moment that feel so good
Swimming to the orange
A hot shower on the tanned skin and the tangled hairs
A gentle breeze and sunflowers
Yura Yura
Diving deep
In afternoon while swimming gracefully low
“Yes, I’m going now…”
That’s never gonna happen
No worries, it’s not a big deal
Uh-oh — Well, whatever
CITTA Sitting down right here
and taking a nap
That’s not bad I guess
and the voice fades out
September begins
even while in this summer heat
In this still bursting summer heat
our summer is still not over
Let’s leave out the diligentness for now
Put back your pen and oh yeah
oh yeah
This sunshine that lights up the best day ever
Say bye bye to any nonsense for now
Say KANPAI(Cheers) even you’re tired or lively!
Let’s play in a way that they won’t notice
The secret watchword is “YY”
Let’s work diligent One Life
Huh? Oh well… that doesn’t make any sense
It’s lit Only “now” is not enough
A summer storia
will begin dance again
once you get back ride on waves